The man who was standing on the roof, carrying the ladder, was Takedayashi Tadashiki, the son of the great Ohtaka.
At that time, the father of the next-door grandchild, Tsuji Ban, was there.
He went to the toilet without going to the snowman's room.
The man who was standing on the roof, carrying the ladder, was Takedayashi Tadashiki, the son of the great Ohtaka.
He was there.
Tsuji, if you love someone, you'll die.
Will you love or not love?
In the May
In the sleep
In the day
The two men who were close to the fire, waited for the fire to come.
Yes.
They hit the fire.
The fallen man, Chochin, quickly picked up the fire.
One man, Kappa Kasa, was in a state of shock.
The other man, Chochin,
In the day
He said, the mansion is not good.
Good evening.
What is it?
Open the door.
Unlike outside, it is inside the mansion, so I will not ask for details.
I will wait for you to open the door.
Yes.
Takedayashi hit the fire.
He hit the fire.
In the sleep
The door was shaking in the bed.
He opened the door.
When the sun came, the door was open to the man who was in charge.
He lied.
The door was open.
He said, if you don't open it, I'll kill you.
The door was open, shaking.
He opened the door, so that he wouldn't run away.
The door was open.